1. Styling (R)
2. Splash screen with O-Link logo and loader before entering Dashboard (R)
3. Link Terms and conditions(Waiting for files) (R)
4. Style and change signup pages (R)
5. Check if mailer working correctly (Werk nie op Ronnie se rekenaar nie.)
6. Notifications funstionality as follows(S)
	- Notification everytime 
		//- Student application status changes (Dropdown with links to apllication status tab, Send email notification)
		//- Student or Employer gets rated (Dropdown with link to Profile page, Send Email notification)
		- A Student applies for a job, or one of the thresholds have been met. 
			EG. 2 Spots available & Threshold is 5 applications. (10 students will be allowed to apply)
			if 5 applications have been submitted employer should receive notification that first threshold has been filled.
		//- Sum notifications and show all correct notifications in dropdown.
		//- Remove addressed notifications
7. Employer should be able to comment on rating of student(S)
8. Make open job offers list, scrollable and clickable.(??)
9. Student must be able to sort jobs by dropdown(	"Most	Recent",	"Time	Period"	and	"Categories"	Student)
10. Add color coded dots next to applications or student to signify current status(S)
11. Edit Job offer and password verification to confirm
	- Notification to student about change and stating they have 24 hours to confirm otherwise application will be declined)
12. Remove job offer with confirmation
//13. Assess applicants button on job offers(S)
14. Password Verification on edit profile details (R)
//15. Past job offers page, clicking on past job offer redirects to post new job offer with form populated with old job offer details(S)
16. Add Threshold and interview required to Post Job Form. (R)
//17. Scrollable list of aplicants for specific job, clikcing on a specific applicant will redirect to Applicant CV Page with all applicant details
	And possibly in the future a link to download applicant's  CV.
18. Contact Applicant and Make an Offer buttons become visible when applicant has been shortlisted(Green dot next to applicant's name)
19. Make an Offer functionality(S)?
//20. Decline applicant functionality(S)
21. Contact Applicant functionality
22. Link Landing page



Nuwe Functionality (Los dit tot heel laaste ons charge extra daarvoor)

1. Google location api (Kry quote oor hoeveel dit gan kos.)
2. Email Notifications (Options to turn off email notifications)
3. Upload CV
4. Save Job before posting to website for later editing and posting to website

